PeprStore, K8s Fluent API & Watch Action (#180)
defenseunicorns/pepr: docs/actions.md

For example, an action could be responsible for adding a specific label to a Kubernetes resource, or for modifying a specific field in a resource's metadata. Actions can be grouped together within a Capability to provide a more comprehensive set of operations that can be performed on Kubernetes resources.

> Actions are `Mutate()`, `Validate()`, or `Watch()` actions. Both Mutate and Validate actions run during the admission controller lifecycle, while Watch actions run in a separate controller that watches for changes to resources, including existing resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Actions are `Mutate()`, `Validate()`, or `Watch()`. Both Mutate and Validate actions run during the admission controller lifecycle, while Watch actions run in a separate controller that tracks changes to resources, including existing resources.
```

  });
```

---

> In this example, a Watch action the name and phase of any ConfigMap.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this example, a Watch action on the name and phase of any ConfigMap.
```
